# task_5_Virtualization_and_Cloud_Basic_and_Cloud_Basic_AWS

EPAM University ProgramsCloud&DevOps Fundamentals Autumn 2022AWSCloud Basic1.Read the terms of Using the AWS Free Tierand the ability to control their own costs.2.Register with AWS(first priority)or alternatively, you can request access tocourses in AWS Academyif you are currently a studentof certain University.3.Find the hands-on tutorialsand AWS Well-Architected Labsfor your AWS needs. Explore list of step-by-step tutorials for deferent category. Use, repeat as many as you can and have fun))4.Register and pass courses on AWS Educate.Filter by checking Topic Cloud Computing and Foundational Level. Feel free to pass more.5.Register and passfreecourses on AWS Skillbuilder.AWS Cloud PractitionerEssentials: Core Services, AWS Cloud PractitionerEssentials: Cloud Concepts.Try AWS Cloud Quest: Cloud Practitioner.6.Pass free courses on Amazon qwiklabs7.ReviewGetting Started with Amazon EC2. Log Into Your AWS Account, Launch, Configure, Connect and Terminate Your Instance.Do not use Amazon Lightsail. It is recommended to use the t2or t3.micro instance and the CentOS operating system.8.Create a snapshot of your instance to keep as a backup.9.Create and attach a Disk_D (EBS)to your instance to add more storage space.Create and save some file on Disk_D.10.Launch the secondinstance from backup.11.Detach Disk_D from the 1stinstance and attach disk_D to the new instance.12.Review  the  10-minute example.Explore  the  possibilities  of  creating  your  own  domain  and domain  name  for  your  site.Note,  that  Route  53  not  free  service. Alternativelyyou  can  free register thedomainname*.PP.UA and use it.13.Launch and configure a WordPress instancewith Amazon Lightsaillink14.Review the 10-minute Store and Retrieve a File. Repeat, creating your own repository.15.Review the 10-minute exampleBatch upload files to the cloudto Amazon S3 using the AWS CLI.Create a user AWS IAM, configure CLI AWS and upload any files to S3. 16.Review the 10-minute exampleDeploy Docker Containers onAmazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon  ECS). Repeat,  create  a  cluster,  and  run  the  online  demo  applicationor  better  otherapplicationwith custom settings.17.Run a Serverless "Hello, World!"with AWS Lambda.18.Create a static website on Amazon S3, publicly available(link1or link2-using a custom domain registered  withRoute  53).Post  on  the  page  your  own  photo,  the  name  of  the  educational program(EPAM Cloud&DevOps  Fundamentals  Autumn  2022),thelist  of  AWS  services  with which the student worked within the educational program or earlierand the full list with links of completed labs (based on tutorialsor qwiklabs).Provide the link to the websitein your reportand СV.
1
of 1